Now the reason why freelancing sites are so great is because of the fact that you can work from anywhere
in the world with anyone in the world as long as you have a wife connection.
That means that you have a very very large pool of employers and projects that you can take from.
Let me show you down here at the bottom.
They have they tell you how many jobs are posted at this time.
And right now it's almost 8.5 million.
That is a ton of jobs.
So if you wanted to travel the world and work at the same time this is definitely a way you could do
it.
I'm sure you where the work is.
So if you come up here to the work tab and we come down to browse projects.
Whoops I accidentally clicked something else.
Try that again.
So we come to the work tab.
We go to browse projects
and that will allow us to search projects.
So right now I have the search word game in there and we also want to add some skill tags.
So we're going to put in illustration
and a graphic design
great so now you'll see it gives us a bunch of jobs that have the word game in them and have the skill
sets of illustration and graphic design and you'll see they just go on for ever and ever.
Not really but there are a lot of jobs.
Let's find one that we want to take a look at.
Let's have a look at this guy.
So they have their budget here and they have the average bid for you.
How many bidders are are it freelancers are bidding on it.
They have the full description here for the project.
And then if you come down here you can see all the different freelancers that you're going up against
and you can go to their profile pages and have a look at their portfolios.
And it's a very good way to study your competition and figure out how you're going to differentiate
yourself from the competition.
Now if this was a full fledged account it would allow me to bid on the project but I can't because I
don't have my information in this account.
But if it were a real account there would be a button down here that would allow you to bid on the project
and you would just click that and it would come up with a form.
And on this form you would put in your bid and you would also put in a small message that you would
send to the employer stating why you should have the job or what you think you could do for them that
would benefit them more than everybody else.